asset_pack: 
anim_speed: 100
cycle_anims: 0
unlock_anims: false
menu_style: 2
bad_pins_format: false
allow_locked_rpc_usb: false
allow_locked_rpc_ble: false
lock_on_boot: true
lockscreen_poweroff: true
lockscreen_time: true
lockscreen_seconds: false
lockscreen_date: true
lockscreen_statusbar: true
lockscreen_prompt: true
lockscreen_transparent: false
battery_icon: 6
status_icons: true
bar_borders: true
bar_background: false
sort_dirs_first: true
show_hidden_files: false
show_internal_tab: false
browser_path_mode: 0
favorite_timeout: 0
scroll_marquee: false
dark_mode: false
rgb_backlight: false
butthurt_timer: 21600
midnight_format_00: true
popup_overlay: true
spi_cc1101_handle: 0
spi_nrf24_handle: 0
uart_esp_channel: 0
uart_nmea_channel: 0
file_naming_prefix_after: false
spoof_color: 0
rpc_color_fg: 0
rpc_color_bg: 16777215
